Add b2b user sharing docs to Asgardeo (#6125)
wso2/docs-is: en/asgardeo/docs/guides/users/manage-users.md

To learn more about onboarding users, see [Onboard users]({{base_path}}/guides/users/onboard-users/).

## Filter users

Administrators can filter users based on their account status from the {{ product_name }} Console.

To filter users by account status:

1. On the {{ product_name }} Console, go to **User Management** > **Users**.
2. Click the **Account Status** dropdown and select the relevant filter criteria:

>     - **Locked**: Filters users with locked accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Locked**: Users with locked accounts.
```

>     - **Disabled**: Filters users with deactivated accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Disabled**: Users with deactivated accounts.
```

>     - **Pending password reset**: Filters users for whom the administrator has initiated a forced password reset, but the users haven't yet reset their passwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Pending password reset**: Users who haven't updated their passwords after an administrator-initiated password reset.
```

>     - **Pending initial password setup**: Filters users an administrator invited to set their own password during initial account creation but who haven't done so yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Pending initial password setup**: Users who haven't set their passwords after an administrator-initiated account creation.
```

>     - **Pending email verification**: Filters users who haven't yet verified their primary email addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Pending email verification**: Users who haven't verified their primary email addresses.
```

>     - **Pending mobile verification**: Filters users who haven't yet verified their primary mobile numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Pending mobile verification**: Users who haven't verified their primary mobile numbers.
```

4. Click **Update** to save.

## Share user with organizations

An administrator can share a user with an organization or multiple organizations via the {{ product_name }} Console.

To share a user with organizations:

1. On the {{ product_name }} Console, go to **User Management** > **Users**.
2. Find the user's account and click **Edit**.
3. Go to the **Shared Access** tab.
4. Select the appropriate sharing option:

    - **Do not share user with any organization**: The user will not be shared with any organizations.

>     - **Share user with all organizations**: The user is shared with all current and future organizations. When the user is shared, administrators can also configure which roles should be assigned to the user in the shared organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Share user with all organizations**: The user is shared with all existing organizations and any organizations created later. Organization administrators can assign organization-specific roles to the user.
```

Author: The suggested version is not entirely accurate., because not org specific roles, but app specific roles can also be assigned to the shared user.

        ![Share user with all organizations]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/users/share-user-with-all-organizations.png){: width="600" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

>     - **Share user with selected organizations**: The user is shared with a specific set of existing organizations, but not with future child organizations. Administrators can configure which roles should be assigned to the user in the shared organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Share user with selected organizations**: The user is shared with a specific set of existing organizations, but not with any organizations created later. Organization administrators can assign organization-specific roles to the user.
```

Author: Resolving for the same reason mentioned above
